README.rst, before:

blue_sky_workflow_engine
########################
A workflow scheduler that integrates the celery messaging library with a django admin interface.

support
#######
We are not currently supporting this code, but simply releasing it to the community AS IS but are not able to provide any guarantees of support, as it is under active development. The community is welcome to submit issues, but you should not expect an active response.

acknowledgments
###############
This project is supported by the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity (IARPA) via Department of Interior / Interior Business Center (DoI/IBC) contract number D16PC00004. The U.S. Government is authorized to reproduce and distribute reprints for Governmental purposes notwithstanding any copyright annotation theron.

Disclaimer: The views and conclusions contained herein are those of the authors and should not be interpreted as necessarily representing the official policies or endorsements, either expressed or implied, of IARPA, DoI/IBC, or the U.S. Government.r implied, of IARPA, DoI/IBC, or the U.S. Government.

Commit message:

link to alleninstitute/blue_sky_reference

README.rst, after:

blue_sky_workflow_engine
########################
A workflow scheduler that integrates the celery messaging library with a django admin interface.

Documentation for this packatge and a reference workflow are available at `alleninstitute/blue_sky_reference <https://github.com/AllenInstitute/blue_sky_reference>_` 

support
#######
We are not currently supporting this code, but simply releasing it to the community AS IS but are not able to provide any guarantees of support, as it is under active development. The community is welcome to submit issues, but you should not expect an active response.

acknowledgments
###############
This project is supported by the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity (IARPA) via Department of Interior / Interior Business Center (DoI/IBC) contract number D16PC00004. The U.S. Government is authorized to reproduce and distribute reprints for Governmental purposes notwithstanding any copyright annotation theron.

Disclaimer: The views and conclusions contained herein are those of the authors and should not be interpreted as necessarily representing the official policies or endorsements, either expressed or implied, of IARPA, DoI/IBC, or the U.S. Government.r implied, of IARPA, DoI/IBC, or the U.S. Government.
